README.md, before:

### Hey there! You've reached my profile 🎉

Wondering where to go next? How about:
 - [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com) - find cynical people commenting on the latest and greatest
 - Comics around the web - [xkcd](https://xkcd.com), [CommitStrip](https://www.commitstrip.com), and [PhD Comics](https://phdcomics.com/)
 - The Technical Interview series on [Aphyr's blog](https://aphyr.com/posts), starting with [Reversing the Technical Interview](https://aphyr.com/posts/340-reversing-the-technical-interview)
 - [Ciechanow.ski](https://ciechanow.ski) - highly recommend [Exposing Floating Point](https://ciechanow.ski/exposing-floating-point/)
<!--
**radiantly/radiantly** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Change dashes and add pg's essays

README.md, after:

### Hey there! You've reached my profile 🎉

Wondering where to go next? How about:
 - [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com) – find cynical people commenting on the latest and greatest
 - Comics around the web – [xkcd](https://xkcd.com), [CommitStrip](https://www.commitstrip.com), and [PhD Comics](https://phdcomics.com/)
 - The Technical Interview series on [Aphyr's blog](https://aphyr.com/posts), starting with [Reversing the Technical Interview](https://aphyr.com/posts/340-reversing-the-technical-interview)
 - Paul Graham's essays – especially [Why Nerds are Unpopular](http://www.paulgraham.com/nerds.html)
 - [Ciechanow.ski](https://ciechanow.ski) – highly recommend [Exposing Floating Point](https://ciechanow.ski/exposing-floating-point/)
<!--
**radiantly/radiantly** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
